# Frogger
### Daniel Burns
---
This project attempts to re-create the classic game of Frogger. Sadly, due to an un-expected situation, I was not able to make it very far into the project. The features include a win screen, a game over screen, and lily pads to make it across the water. In terms of historical context, according to Wikipedia: “Frogger [was] a 1981 arcade game developed by Konami […] The object of the game is to direct frogs to their homes one by one by crossing a busy road and navigating a river full of hazards.” This game holds deep personal meaning to me, as it was one of my favorite childhood games growing up. The simplicity and low-resolution graphics are completely overshadowed by the addicting game-play and light-hearted concept. Many people shared this same viewpoint during the time of release, as Wikipedia states: “Frogger was positively received and followed by several clones and sequels. By 2005, Frogger in its various home video games incarnations had sold 20 million copies worldwide, including 5 million in the United States.” Clearly, as one of the early popular games sold in the gaming industry, Frogger has its place solidified in computing history and proves extremely important with regard to its history. To explain further detail about my project, it was written in C++ and utilized SDL (Simple DirectMedia Layer) in order to render graphics to the screen. If I had more time, I would have included moving cars, logs, and disappearing lilypads to closer resemble the real Frogger game during the time.
